Documentation in pt/br and en for mapping docker volumes. (#114)
ZupIT/docs-ritchie: content/en/Formulas/Configure Inputs.md

These input parameters are made up of the following fields:

- a **`docker image builder`** \(according to the programming language chose at the formula creation\)
- **`"dockerVolumes"`** list of local volumes you want to mount in the docker run container.
- the formula **`inputs parameters list`**.
- a **`require latest version`** boolean, indicating the need (or not) of the formula to run in the last available version of a repository.

```text
{
  "dockerImageBuilder": "dockerImage",
  "dockerVolumes": [],
  "inputs": [],
  "requireLatestVersion": false,
}
```

## Docker volume mapping configuration

> Each volume that will be mapped must be informed about its origin and destination, using a colon ":" as a separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each volume that will be mapped, you must inform its origin and destination, using a colon ":" as a separator.
```
